To me God is cold,

you could say that I think of the cold as a normal course. It's just helping me. It's training me. It's bringing me back to the inner nature, the way it was meant to me.

And this way I do not only endure the code, I love.

We live in a world where there's all kinds of false healers and fake alternative medicine programs you can sign up for. It's a rare moment in history when someone comes along, who can perform real miracles with real evidence to back them up. Wim Hof has defied logic, time and time again, and always under scientific scrutiny. He holds the world record for being able to be submerged in ice for almost two hours without his core body temperature changing. you've climbed Mount Everest in nothing but a pair of shorts, and run a marathon in the desert without drinking any water. You've even proven in a laboratory setting that he can withstand illnesses using the power of his mind. But he's not a freak of nature. According to when anyone can do what he can do. They just have to learn his method. The Wim Hof Method, using a combination of cold immersion, breathing techniques, and mental focus, anyone can accomplish feats that were previously thought to be impossible, the faster that they established, innovate the bulk of a good.

start opcom

monumenta middle to enter the market definitely get in early, you've got to type Mendham hallenbeck on the immune system.

We were skeptical. So when invited us to take a crash course in his method, and see just how easy it is to become superhuman.

We first met Wim on his houseboat in Holland, where he began to teach our whole crew the basics of cold immersion. Growing up in the 21st century, we're naturally skeptical of everything we read on the internet. But to put wins method to the test, we would have to suspend our disbelief, because no true miracle can be accomplished without some faith. In this case, the miracle would supposedly involve the crew and I taking off our clothes and climbing to the top of the freezing cold mouch Nazca in Poland.

But before that, our training began in the canals of Amsterdam. It's while I'm climbing the mountain if they haven't done the training, then they'll be screwed basically. Yes.

Yeah, we are going to start with the breathing, you will see feeling his understanding.

And later on, we can dig in all kinds of scientific literature and readings and comparisons and statistics and all that we don't need. You are going to feel it. We are pioneers.

And by fullier

Okay, just go on.

No thinking just for you. Your head is becoming lightheaded when was going to teach us how to enter the cold like him. The first way to learn the basics. When told us to spend one minute breathing in more air than we let out. Then he instructed us to take one last breath and hold it. By using his technique. We were able to hold our breath for much longer than usual.

I didn't really know what was going on. But my body was doing things it had never done before. And I was pretty freaked out. But also very curious as to where this would take me. It was like I was going through some kind of second puberty where instead of becoming an adult, I was becoming a superhuman first around to 17 for Matt. crazier. Whoa, it's something Yeah, you're still I just stopped because I wanted to okay.

My whole body was just kind of like tingling and then when he said to stop breathing

It just didn't seem like I hadn't read at all.

Really amazing.

I mean, I can't argue with the results done things that no one's ever done before. But there have been hundreds of people throughout history in the past 4000 years who have claimed to be able to do all sorts of miracles by controlling their body using the power of meditation and breathing. What makes you different? Is it that you're the first one who can actually do it? Absolutely not. The first one who was able to do this, but I am the first one, to bring it to science. And to take away the speculation around it. What was your life like before you became The Iceman? And I truly I was a father of four kids and bringing them up alone.

Because my wife actually down to dinner 95.
so that kind of like adversity and and sadness, maybe motivated you to? Oh, yeah. Inspire yourself in the same way a lot of people do. Yeah.

D trigger. Well, I got peace was in these breathing exercises. Swimming outside in the cold. The cold is merciless, but righteous as well.

So winds just told me to get into my shorts, which can't be a good sign. Because it means that we're gonna get into the water. When's already shirtless?

Just chill out, man. All right.

That is some cold. Amsterdam canals. December water.


